DOCS-3395: accounting (#2262)
MultiSafepay/docs: .github/archive/integration-team/connectjs.md

meta_description: "ConnectJS is a simplified checkout process that prevents the punch out which we have when we redirect the customer to the Connect page for the gateway selection and filling in the additional data"
---

ConnectJS is a simplified checkout process that prevents the ‘punch out’ that occurs when we redirect customers to a [MultiSafepay payment page](/docs/payment-pages/) to select a gateway and enter their payment details.

> MultiSafepay's ConnectJS JavaScript library supports all payment methods and [gift cards](/payments/methods/prepaid-cards/gift-cards). It lets you directly integrate them in your payment process/checkout quickly and securely. By default, all available payment methods appear, but you can also display just one payment method or a selection. You can configure all payment methods while initiating the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiSafepay's ConnectJS JavaScript library supports all payment methods and [gift cards](/docs/gift-cards/). It lets you directly integrate them in your payment process/checkout quickly and securely. By default, all available payment methods appear, but you can also display just one payment method or a selection. You can configure all payment methods while initiating the library.
```
